   We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our
consolidated  financial  statements.  For  additional  information,  see  the  disclosure  included  in  Note  1  –  Description  of  Business  and  Summary  of  Significant
Accounting Policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.
     Revenue Recognition
     We derive our revenue principally from service fees paid by Drivers and Merchants for the use of our platform in connection with our Mobility products and
Delivery offering provided by Drivers and Merchants to end-users. Our sole performance obligation in the transaction is to connect Drivers and Merchants with
end-users to facilitate the completion of a successful ridesharing trip or delivery. Because end-users access our platform for free, except in certain markets, and we
have no performance obligation to end-users, end-users are not our customers.
     Judgment is required in evaluating the presentation of revenue on a gross versus net basis based on whether we control the service provided to the end-user
and are the principal in the transaction (gross), or we arrange for other parties to provide the service to the end-user and are the agent in the transaction (net). We
have concluded that we are the agent in most markets as we arrange for Drivers and Merchants to provide the service to the end user in Mobility and Delivery
transactions.  The  assessment  of  whether  we  are  considered  the  principal  or  the  agent  in  a  transaction  could  impact  the  accounting  for  certain  payments  and
incentives provided to Drivers and end-users and change the timing and amount of revenue recognized.
     In certain markets, consumers have the option to pay Drivers cash for trips, and we generally collect our service fee from Drivers for these trips by offsetting
against any other amounts due to Drivers, including Driver incentives. We have concluded collectability of such amounts is not probable until collected. As such,
uncollected service fees for cash trips are not recognized as revenue in our consolidated financial statements until collected.
     Driver Incentives
     We offer various incentive programs to Drivers. Judgment is required to determine the appropriate classification of these incentives. Incentives provided to
customers are recorded as a reduction of revenue if we do not receive a distinct service in exchange or cannot reasonably estimate the fair value of the service
received. Incentives offered in exchange for specific services, such as referral services are recorded as sales and marketing expenses.
     End-User Discounts and Promotions
     We offer discounts and promotions to end-users (that are not customers) to encourage use of our platform. Judgment is required to determine the appropriate
classification of these incentives. End-user discounts and promotions are recorded to sales and marketing expenses with the exception of market-wide promotions
which are recorded as a reduction of revenue.
     Business Combinations
     We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated
fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Such
valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant estimates in valuing certain
intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired advertiser, fleet, merchant, and end-user contracts, acquired technology,
and trade names, based on expected future growth rates and margins, attrition rates, future changes in technology and royalty for similar brand licenses, useful
lives, and discount rates.
     Management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a
result,  actual  results  may  differ  from  estimates.  Allocation  of  purchase  consideration  to  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  affects  our amortization  expense  as
acquired finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the useful life, whereas any indefinite lived intangible assets, including goodwill, are not amortized.
During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed,
with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
     Embedded Derivatives
     During 2015, we had issued convertible notes that contain embedded features subject to derivative accounting. These embedded features are composed of
conversion options that have the economic characteristics of a contingent early redemption feature settled in shares of our stock rather than cash, because the total
number of shares of our common stock delivered to settle these embedded features will have a fixed value. These conversion options are bifurcated from the
underlying instrument and accounted for and valued separately from the host instrument. Embedded derivatives are recognized as derivative liabilities on our
consolidated  balance  sheet.  We  measure  these  instruments  at  their  estimated  fair  value  and  recognize  changes  in  their  estimated  fair  value  in  other  income
(expense), net in our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss during the period of change.
     We value these embedded derivatives as the difference between the estimated value of these convertible notes with and without the Qualified Initial Public
Offering (“QIPO”) conversion option (“QIPO Conversion Option”). The fair value of these convertible
                                                                                         65