How we contribute back to market depends on the type of material
involved. For finite materials such as aluminum, we seek to recover the
material from the manufacturing process and from products at their end of
life. We then either redirect that material back into our own supply chain, or
ensure it is sent to a secondary materials market. For renewable materials
such as the wood fiber in our packaging, our focus is on regeneration of
supply, meaning that we create, or protect, an equivalent supply of the
resource that we use.
We hold ourselves to a strict definition of closed loop: To meet our goal, we
must use 100 percent responsibly sourced recycled or renewable materials
and ensure the equivalent amount is returned to market. Recognizing
that this goal could take many years to reach, we remain committed to
responsible sourcing of primary materials as we make the transition.
Our approach.
Fundamental to this work is our firm belief that we can transition to recycled
or renewable materials without compromising the final product.
To prioritize which materials to tackle first, we created Material Impact
Profiles for 45 elements and raw materials commonly used in consumer
electronics. The profiles identified global environmental, social, and supply
risk factors spanning the life of each material. We then combined the
impact profiles with data that’s more specific to Apple. Finally, in addition
to the weighted score assigned to each material, we also considered
additional qualitative factors, like whether a material represents unique
opportunities for new closed-loop supply chain models or is significant to
the customer experience—like the glass they touch or the paper in their
product packaging.
Through this process, we identified a short list of materials on which to
focus our initial efforts. We’ve started working to close the loop on these
priority materials, and have active projects for aluminum, cobalt, copper,
glass, paper, plastics, stainless steel, tin, tungsten, and rare earth elements
(neodymium, praseodymium, dysprosium).
We’re doing more with less.
We are making changes to our product designs to reduce the amount of
material needed. For example, we changed the way we manufacture the
enclosure of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, replacing the extrusion process with
a sheet forge design, resulting in a 73 percent reduction in the amount of
aluminum needed. And since 2015, we have reduced primary aluminum
consumption across all products by 23 percent, despite increasing sales.